README.md, before:

# Data Structures and Algorithms

**Problems have been sourced from algoexpert.io and leetcode.com. Solutions are written in JavaScript and Python and organized by category.**

Sorting Algorithms:
1. [Bubble sort (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Bubble%20Sort)
2. [Insertion sort (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Insertion%20Sort)
3. [Quick sort (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Quick%20Sort)
4. [Selection sort (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Selection%20Sort)
5. [Merge sort (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Merge%20Sort)

Array Methods:
1. [Two number sum (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Two%20Number%20Sums)
2. [Two number sum (LeetCode)](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum)
3. [Find minimum rewards (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Min%20Rewards)
4. [Move element to end (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Move%20Element%20To%20End)
5. [Smallest difference (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Smallest%20Difference)
6. [Three number sum (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Three%20Number%20Sum)
7. [Subarray sort (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Subarray%20Sort)
8. [Four Number Sum (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Four%20Number%20Sum)

Binary Search Trees:
1. [Find closest value (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Find%20Closest%20Value%20In%20BST)
2. [BST construction (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/BST%20Construction)
3. [Tree traversal (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/BST%20Traversal)
4. [Validate BST (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Validate%20BST)
5. [Same BST (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Same%20BSTs)

Graphs:
1. [Depth-first search (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Depth-first%20Search)
2. [Has single cycle (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Single%20Cycle%20Check)
2. [Breadth-first search (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Breadth-first%20Search)
3. [River sizes (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/River%20Sizes)
4. [Word ladder (LeetCode)](https://leetcode.com/problems/word-ladder/)
5. [Youngest common ancestor (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Youngest%20Common%20Ancestor)
6. [Boggle board (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Boggle%20Board)

Linked Lists:
1. [Linked list construction (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Linked%20List%20Construction)
2. [Remove kth node from end (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Remove%20Kth%20Node%20From%20End)
3. [Find loop (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Find%20Loop)
4. [Merge two linked lists (LeetCode)](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists/)
5. [Merge two linked lists (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Merge%20Linked%20Lists)

Recursion:
1. [Nth Fibonacci](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Nth%20Fibonacci)
2. [Product Sum](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Product%20Sum)
3. [Permutation](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Permutations)
4. [Lowest Common Manager](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Lowest%20Common%20Manager)
5. [Interweaving Strings](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Interweaving%20Strings)

LeetCode 30 Day Challenge:
1. [Single number](https://leetcode.com/problems/single-number/)
2. [Happy number](https://leetcode.com/problems/happy-number/)
3. [Max subarray](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-subarray/)
4. [Move zeroes](https://leetcode.com/problems/move-zeroes/)

Pramp:
1. [Get cheapest cost](https://www.pramp.com/challenge/15oxrQx6LjtQj9JK9XqA)
2. [Find nth root](https://www.pramp.com/challenge/jKoA5GAVy9Sr9jGBjzN4)
3. [Bracket match](https://www.pramp.com/challenge/xJZA01AxdlfpM2vZ2Wwa)

Commit message:

LeetCode 30: day 5 best time to buy and sell js and python

README.md, after:

# Data Structures and Algorithms

**Problems have been sourced from algoexpert.io and leetcode.com. Solutions are written in JavaScript and Python and organized by category.**

Sorting Algorithms:
1. [Bubble sort (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Bubble%20Sort)
2. [Insertion sort (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Insertion%20Sort)
3. [Quick sort (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Quick%20Sort)
4. [Selection sort (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Selection%20Sort)
5. [Merge sort (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Merge%20Sort)

Array Methods:
1. [Two number sum (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Two%20Number%20Sums)
2. [Two number sum (LeetCode)](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum)
3. [Find minimum rewards (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Min%20Rewards)
4. [Move element to end (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Move%20Element%20To%20End)
5. [Smallest difference (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Smallest%20Difference)
6. [Three number sum (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Three%20Number%20Sum)
7. [Subarray sort (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Subarray%20Sort)
8. [Four Number Sum (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Four%20Number%20Sum)

Binary Search Trees:
1. [Find closest value (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Find%20Closest%20Value%20In%20BST)
2. [BST construction (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/BST%20Construction)
3. [Tree traversal (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/BST%20Traversal)
4. [Validate BST (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Validate%20BST)
5. [Same BST (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Same%20BSTs)

Graphs:
1. [Depth-first search (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Depth-first%20Search)
2. [Has single cycle (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Single%20Cycle%20Check)
2. [Breadth-first search (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Breadth-first%20Search)
3. [River sizes (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/River%20Sizes)
4. [Word ladder (LeetCode)](https://leetcode.com/problems/word-ladder/)
5. [Youngest common ancestor (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Youngest%20Common%20Ancestor)
6. [Boggle board (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Boggle%20Board)

Linked Lists:
1. [Linked list construction (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Linked%20List%20Construction)
2. [Remove kth node from end (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Remove%20Kth%20Node%20From%20End)
3. [Find loop (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Find%20Loop)
4. [Merge two linked lists (LeetCode)](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists/)
5. [Merge two linked lists (AlgoExpert)](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Merge%20Linked%20Lists)

Recursion:
1. [Nth Fibonacci](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Nth%20Fibonacci)
2. [Product Sum](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Product%20Sum)
3. [Permutation](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Permutations)
4. [Lowest common manager](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Lowest%20Common%20Manager)
5. [Interweaving strings](https://www.algoexpert.io/questions/Interweaving%20Strings)

LeetCode 30 Day Challenge:
1. [Single number](https://leetcode.com/problems/single-number/)
2. [Happy number](https://leetcode.com/problems/happy-number/)
3. [Max subarray](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-subarray/)
4. [Move zeroes](https://leetcode.com/problems/move-zeroes/)
5. [Best time to buy and sell stock](https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-ii/)

Pramp:
1. [Get cheapest cost](https://www.pramp.com/challenge/15oxrQx6LjtQj9JK9XqA)
2. [Find nth root](https://www.pramp.com/challenge/jKoA5GAVy9Sr9jGBjzN4)
3. [Bracket match](https://www.pramp.com/challenge/xJZA01AxdlfpM2vZ2Wwa)
